what's up guys chainsaw so we're looking
for a number of scrap number 40 believe
it's located on this little booby
testico island here I'm not entirely
sure where I'm will hesitate going down
these cliffs and stuff does that really
have a tough time trying to find my way
back without you know taking eight years
to find a road but whatever satisfy our
wooden boat somewhere I seem to only do
this when it's nighttime for some reason
and if you like it sucks you know what
else sucks my football game sucks
God there it is sorry I'm watching
football and play Grand Theft Auto at
the same time becoming difficult
especially when your team is a bunch of
idiots we're the fuck okay
so wooden boat there's a wooden boat
okay well
fuck my balls man where is this I didn't
buy old wooden boat seriously who goes
for it on fourth and fourth a 300 like
25 yard line
mmm was you know a few minutes left and
a half I mean to me dude where the fuck
is this thing what the fuck oh okay did
I go blind no II wouldn't but I saw he's
back here is it in the water I almost
see seashore this is Dana
/ well
oh there's fuck me alright so that was a
lot longer than I wanted to be but
that's a 40s